Résumé: TECHNICAL SKILLS Skills: Java, SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, BootStrap, JSP, Ext JS Operating Systems: Windows Tools: Toad, Eclipse, SoapBox, Postman Databases: Oracle, MS-SQL, MS-Access, MS-ExcelEducation Details 
January 2017 B.E. Computer Technology Gondia, MAHARASHTRA, IN Manoharbhai Patel Institute of Engineering and Technology
 HSC  Gondia, MAHARASHTRA, IN S.M.P. Science College
Java Developer 

Java Developer - Xoriant Solutions Pvt Ltd
Skill Details 
Company Details 
company - Xoriant Solutions Pvt Ltd
description - Pune
Period                Sept' 2017 to till date
Role                  Java Developer
Description           ResRent is a team responsible for the development of various
modules for Hertz. They are responsible for the development of screens in the portfolios they look after, and act as a
primary control function; developing webservices to ensure it can
be hit by XML and JSON. We build various modules which are
inbuilt in Hertz to provide interfaces for end users in their tasks.
Tools                 Eclipse, TOAD, SoapBox, Postman
Responsibilities      - Develop module from Backend to Middleware to Frontend.
- Bugs fixing and proactive developing of enhancements
- Resolve Application incidents within defined UCs & creating
different Task ticket as well.
- Debug and provide solution for workflow.
- Resolving DB issues and providing technical support to BAs.
- Keeping track of deployments and effect of same on ongoing
jobs
- Contribution towards automation of daily activities and process
based organization
- On-time, within-budget delivery meeting customers' quality
expectations.
- Maintain knowledge base of domain, known defects and issues,
processes and development techniques.
company - Xoriant Solutions Pvt Ltd
description - Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping
new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner.
âœ“ Experience in development in Web application.
âœ“ Resolve project related issues in minimal time.
âœ“ Able to communicate effectively with multifunctional teams, programmers and technical staff at all levels.
âœ“ Good knowledge of Java, Sql, Ext JS, JSP, XML, Web services.
âœ“ Good interpersonal & analytical skills with proven abilities in resolving the complex
software issue.