Title: AI Tester
        Company: SimVentions, Inc - Glassdoor ✪ 4.6
        Location: Zacata, Westmoreland County
        
        Description:
        Overview:
We are seeking an experienced Artificial Intelligence (AI) Tester to join our team. As an AI Tester, you will be responsible for testing and evaluating a system’s performance using AI frameworks to meet the customer’s requirements.
Travel: Negligible Clearance:
An ACTIVE Secret Clearance is required for this position. Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US Citizenship is required to obtain a clearance.
Requirements:
United States citizen
Experience in using AI to support test planning/management, analyze requirements, identify risks, and create test requirements
Skilled in AI development frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn, and/or Keras
Understanding of and experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence testing
Interfacing with range sensors to gather data for testing
Understanding when tests apply to specific types of autonomy testing on the range
Ability to clearly communicate design ideas to stakeholders and collaborate effectively with development teams
Capacity to identify user needs and design solutions to address complex problems
Responsibilities:
Test/use the test harness developed by the team in real AI test events
Make recommendations to AI developers (customers) and test harness developers based on test event results
Work with customer to understand needs; especially to prioritize elements of the workflow for different use cases and recommend feature changes to the development team and report bugs in expected vs real operation
Preferred Skills and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, scientific, or technical discipline
International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB) - AI Testing certification or similar
Education: A Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in an engineering, scientific, or technical discipline is desired Compensation:
Compensation at SimVentions is determined by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the candidate’s experience, education, training, security clearance, work location, skills, knowledge, and competencies, as well as alignment with our corporate compensation plan and contract specific requirements.
The projected annual compensation range for this position is $84,000 - $119,000 (USD). This estimate reflects the standard salary range for this position and is just one component of the total compensation package that SimVentions offers.
Benefits:
At SimVentions, we’re committed to supporting the total well-being of our employees and their families. Our benefit offerings include comprehensive health and welfare plans to serve a variety of needs.
We offer:
Medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
Competitive 401(k) programs
Retirement and Financial Counselors
Health Savings and Health Reimbursement Accounts
Flexible Spending Accounts
Life insurance, short- & long-term disability
Continuing Education Assistance
Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, Paid Leave (e.g., Maternity, Paternity, Jury Duty, Bereavement, Military)
Third Party Employee Assistance Program that offers emotional and lifestyle well-being services, to include free counseling
Supplemental Benefit Program
Why Work for SimVentions?:
SimVentions is about more than just being a place to work with other growth-orientated technically exceptional experts. It’s also a fun place to work. Our family-friendly atmosphere encourages our employee-owners to imagine, create, explore, discover, and do great things together.
Support Our Warfighters
SimVentions is a proud supporter of the U.S. military, and we take pride in our ability to provide relevant, game-changing solutions to our armed men and women around the world.
Drive Customer Success
We deliver innovative products and solutions that go beyond the expected. This means you can expect to work with a team that will allow you to grow, have a voice, and make an impact.
Get Involved in Giving Back
We believe a well-rounded company starts with well-rounded employees, which is why we offer diverse service opportunities for our team throughout the year.
Build Innovative Technology
SimVentions takes pride in its innovative and cutting-edge technology, so you can be sure that whatever project you work on, you will be having a direct impact on our customer’s success.
Work with Brilliant People
We don’t just hire the smartest people; we seek experienced, creative individuals who are passionate about their work and thrive in our unique culture.
Create Meaningful Solutions
We are trusted partners with our customers and are provided challenging and meaningful requirements to help them solve.
Employees who join SimVentions will enjoy additional perks like:
Employee Ownership:
Work with the best and help build YOUR company!
Family focus:
Work for a team that recognizes the importance of family time.
Culture:
Add to our culture of technical excellence and collaboration.
Dress code:
Business casual, we like to be comfortable while we work.
Resources:
Excellent facilities, tools, and training opportunities to grow in your field.
Open communication:
Work in an environment where your voice matters.
Corporate Fellowship:
Opportunities to participate in company sports teams and employee-led interest groups for personal and professional development.
Employee Appreciation:
Multiple corporate events throughout the year, including Holiday Events, Company Picnic, Imagineering Day, and more.
Founding Partner of the FredNats Baseball team:
Equitable distribution of tickets for every home game to be enjoyed by our employee-owners and their families from our private suite.
Food:
We have a lot of food around here!
FTAC
        