Title: Data Science Specialist III
        Company: INSPYR Solutions
        Location: Crestwood, Houston
        
        Description:
        Title: Data Scientist III
Location: Houston, TX 77002 (ONSITE)
Duration: Long Term Contract
Work Requirements: US Citizen, GC Holders or Authorized to Work in the U.S.
Job Description:
We are currently seeking an experienced data scientist to join the Big Data and Advanced Analytics department. As part of the Data Analytics team, the Lead Data Scientist will work closely with the Data Engineering team and business functions to solve real-world oil and gas midstream problems using machine learning, data science algorithms and artificial intelligence.
Responsibilities include:
Work independently on data science projects for multiple business functions
Identify and frame the data science opportunity from understanding the business problem / opportunity
Gather, cleanse, and transform internal and external data
Analyze data and deliver insights via visualizations and dashboards
Create predictive models, productionize, and maintain machine learning models that address business problems
Present, explain and defend results from analysis and modeling, and approach taken
Participate in strategic planning discussions around data science and big data.
The successful candidate will meet the following qualifications: 5+ years of practical experience framing and solving data science problems
5+ years of hands on experience with applied statistics and/or machine learning
5+ years of experience solving problems with Python, Pandas, Scikit-Learn
3+ years of experience solving NLP, text and content analytics problems
3+ years of experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch or other deep learning technologies
3+ years of experience developing visualizations with Python libs, Spotfire or Power BI
3+ years of experience applying descriptive and inferential statistics to real world problems
3+ years of experience building software source control, software architecture and design, data structures and algorithms
Professional experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) - BigQuery, etc. is a plus
Professional experience working in the consumer media and publishing domain is a plus
Professional experience modeling customer churn and/or conversion is a plus
Professional experience using ML Transformers is a plus
Professional experience building recommender systems is a plus
Ability to adapt in a rapidly changing environment
Ability to communicate insights and approaches in a simple, actionable manner
Ability to work independently and with team members from different backgrounds
Ability to travel to Austin occasionally as needed
Excellent attention to detail and problem-solving skills
Our benefits package includes:
Comprehensive medical benefits
Competitive pay
401(k) retirement plan
…and much more!
About INSPYR Solutions
Technology is our focus and quality is our commitment. As a national expert in delivering flexible technology and talent solutions, we strategically align industry and technical expertise with our clients' business objectives and cultural needs. Our solutions are tailored to each client and include a wide variety of professional services, project, and talent solutions. By always striving for excellence and focusing on the human aspect of our business, we work seamlessly with our talent and clients to match the right solutions to the right opportunities. Learn more about us at inspyrsolutions.com.
INSPYR Solutions provides Equal Employment Opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, INSPYR Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
        