Title: CT Technologist (R)
        Company: Rochester Regional Health
        Location: West Parishville, Saint Lawrence County
        
        Description:
        HOW WE CARE FOR YOU
At St. Lawrence Health, we are dedicated to getting health care right. Our robust benefits and total rewards foster employee wellbeing, professional development and personal growth. We care for your career while caring for the community
.
Same Day pay through Daily Pay
Paid vacation & holiday pay
Medical, dental, vision, hearing benefits
SUMMARY
Performs diagnostic CT exams, Screening CT exams and interventional CT procedures in accordance with approved techniques and standards as established by Radiologists, governing and accrediting bodies. Completes the necessary documentation for each exam to ensure Radiologist can provide quality diagnostic interpretation and CPH can bill accordingly . Communicates with Radiologist and department Leadership on a routine basis to insure a high level of care and service for patients and to meet provider needs. Operates CT scanner, general diagnostic radiographic equipment and ancillary support systems to perform CT and diagnostic radiographic procedures per provider orders. This is in accordance with approved techniques, policies and regulatory standards as established by regulatory agencies, standards and policies set forth by the organization. Adheres to the professional standards of the NYS Department of Health, the American Registry of Radiologic Technologist and the Mammography Quality Standards Act.
We are seeking dedicated healthcare professionals to join our team at Gouverneur Hospital. If you are passionate about making a difference in the lives of patients and want to contribute to a dynamic healthcare environment, this is the opportunity for you. Your role will be integral in delivering high-quality care and ensuring the well-being of our community members. Gouverneur Hospital is certified for 25 beds and services include inpatient detox, substance use disorder rehabilitation, emergency care, imaging and EKG’s, physical therapy, and respiratory therapy.
STATUS:
Per Diem
LOCATION:
Massena Hospital
DEPARTMENT:
Imaging Services
SCHEDULE:
8 hours variable
ATTRIBUTES
A valid NYS radiology license and certification by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (R). ARRT(CT) preferred. Must be ARRT registered in CT.
Preferred:  One year work experience in a hospital setting.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Provides daily coordination for all CT studies, insures that patient and provider needs are met and communication is maintained between all parties to include staff, radiologists, providers, and patients.
Performs CT procedures utilizing the principles and knowledge of anatomy, positioning and radiographic techniques to include collimation, shielding, and exposure factors to minimize radiation dose to the patient.
Under the direction and guidance of the radiologist facilitates implementation and communication of new or updated protocols to internal and external care areas and providers.
Follows organizational standards to include but not limited to patient identification, patient education, consents, and order verification and infection control. Practices radiation protection techniques to minimize radiation exposure to patient, family, and staff and verifies pregnancy status if appropriate per department and regulatory standards.
Responsible for QA/QC procedures as designated and maintains standards of these programs. This includes processes involving CT equipment, image quality, documentation and radiation dose reporting and control.
Performs general radiographic procedures utilizing the principles and knowledge of anatomy, positioning and radiographic techniques to include collimation, shielding, and exposure factors to minimize radiation dose to the patient
UNION:
CSEA - Civil Service Employees Association (MH)
Note: Not all per diem roles are union eligible
EDUCATION:
LICENSES / CERTIFICATIONS:
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
M - Medium Work - Exerting 20 to 50 pounds of force occasionally, and/or 10 to 25 pounds of force frequently, and/or greater than negligible up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects; Requires frequent walking, standing or squatting.
For disease specific care programs refer to the program specific requirements of the department for further specifications on experience and educational expectations, including continuing education requirements.
Any physical requirements reported by a prospective employee and/or employee’s physician or delegate will be considered for accommodations.
PAY RANGE:
$31.80 - $42.99
The listed base pay range is a good faith representation of current potential base pay for a successful full time applicant. It may be modified in the future and eligible for additional pay components. Pay is determined by factors including experience, relevant qualifications, specialty, internal equity, location, and contracts.
Rochester Regional Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minority/Female/Disability/Veterans by a prospective employee and/or employee’s Physician or delegate will be considered for accommodations.
        