Title: Automation Maintenance Technician
        Company: Ryder System
        Location: Whitestown, Boone County
        
        Description:
        Position Description
Ryder is immediately hiring a Full Time Warehouse Automation Maintenance Technician in Whitestown, Indiana
Warehouse Positions Pay Weekly
Hourly Pay $30.00+ hourly (based upon experience)
Shift premium: $1.50 hourly
Schedule: Second Shift - Thursday- Sunday4:00PM- 2:00AM
Apply Here with Ryder Today
Click here to see and hear it from a Ryder Supply Chain Employee:
https://RyderCareers.Video/Maintenance-Tech
We want the right Warehouse Employees to join us at Ryder to work with State of the Art Equipment in the Safest Warehouse Environment
Products Being Handled: Manual and Automated Supply Chain Warehouse Equipment
Various warehouse fulfillment specialist roles at Ryder support distribution across the US. Apply here with Ryder today
We have all benefits other Warehouse Distribution Facilities offer WITHOUT the WAIT!
On the Job Paid Training
Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 K etc. Start at 30 Days
Paid Time Off
401 K offers a company match
HIGH VALUED Stock at 15 % Employee Discount
Employee Discounts that save you money on Tools, Cars, Hotels, Electronics/Appliances, Cell Phones, Travel, and much more
Safety Gear PROVIDED
Safety is Always the First Priority
State of the Art Equipment and Caring Leadership
Click Here to See All Ryder Careers:https://jobs.ryder.com/jobs/
We want YOU to join our family made up of Proud Women and Men in Supply Chain who work alongside the many Military Reserve and Veterans we hire everyday
EEO/AA/Female/Minority/Disabled/Veteran
Requirements
Vocational or Technical certification in related field or 3 years of relevant experience (in lieu of certification) required
Knowledge of 480 volts and pneumatic equipment intermediate required
Must have working knowledge of computer-based equipment maintenance and parts inventory systems. intermediate required
Demonstrated independent problem-solving capability. intermediate required
Ability to use PLC and HMI Programming software to add form and function to an established program, Allen Bradley, Ignition, and Wonderware preferred. intermediate required
Understand 24VDC Control systems, photoelectric & proximity sensors intermediate required.
Experience withprogramming/troubleshootingServo and Stepper motors and related software intermediate required.
Ability to troubleshoot/program Bar Code Scanners and other Vision Systems, Specifically Cognex, Datalogic, Keyence, etc. intermediate required.
Warehouse Maintenance safety procedures to include put not limited to: Lock Out Tag Out, Fall Restraint, and Forklift/MHE Operational Safety intermediate required.
Knowledge of operating MHE to include by not limited to: Forklift, Scissor Lift, Boom Lift, etc. intermediate required.
Ability to work independently in a safe manner including working at heights.
Responsibilities
Ensure PM entries into software are complete and accurate
Utilizes the computerized maintenance management systems to their fullest potential as a tool to keep the department organized and as a communication tool to the plant and corporate management
Maintain and insure spare parts inventories and/or consignment inventories are being maintained consistent with procedures
Participate in the continual development and improvement of maintenance policies, procedures and standard operating procedures for the facility
Ensure a clean and organized maintenance area. Facility always tour ready
Ensure compliance with good manufacturing practices (GMP’s)
Establishes work schedules that meet the demands of operating and PM programs
Performs other duties as assigned
Actively participate in safety and Lean programs; support the Ryder culture.
Ryder is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
Posted Date
3 weeks ago
(4/2/2025 4:36 PM)
Requisition
2025-178282
Location (Posting Location) : State/Province
IN
Location (Posting Location) : City
Whitestown
Location (Posting Location) : Postal Code
46075
Category
Logistics/Distribution/Transportation Management
Employment Type
Regular-Full time
Travel Requirements
0-10%
Position Code
1001306
        