Title: Director, Research & Development Smart Devices
        Company: Brewer Science, Inc.
        Location: Springfield, Greene County
        
        Description:
        Brewer Science, Inc. is a major innovator of high-technology solutions for the semiconductor / microelectronics markets. We are currently seeking a purpose-driven candidate with an ownership mentality to fill an open position as a Director, R&D in our Smart Devices group. This position will be located in Springfield, MO.
Summary:
Provides continuous leadership and direction for sensor devices, using existing materials wherever and whenever possible and taking these devices from concept to commercialization to meet the technology and market objectives of the company as well as the needs and demands of customers.
Responsibilities:
Drive product development and engineering activities through all development phases for the commercialization of device products primarily incorporating sensor materials, including: Creating unique device platforms, building demo systems, producing compatible tests and evaluations, integrating into sensor suites, integrating into instrumentation products, and marketing to targeted low volume engineering distributors and other potential customers.
Work with cross-functional teams in the management of device development projects through product development stages to commercialization.
Work with Emerging Tech group to establish and assess intellectual property landscape, (ii) to build intellectual property portfolio for the product category, (iii) to identify new business opportunities for the new devices, and (iv) to secure income from consulting or technology-related activities.
Undertake engineering evaluation, design and design assurance responsibilities for device development and design, particularly at the company’s carbon electronics  facility in the Jordan Valley Innovation Center as Missouri State University in Springfield, Missouri.
Lead the development and execution of device engineering projects, including the planning, execution and reporting of the associated activities and milestones, primarily at the location set forth above.
Perform bench tests, design verification and validation tests, including associated documentation and records primarily at the location set forth above.
Support and enhance relevant design control activities and related documentation, including design inputs, design outputs, qualification activities, regulatory requirements and related pursuits primarily at the location set forth above.
Support and mentors department staff on best practices for design, design assurance and device design controls primarily at the location set forth above
Participate in device design reviews as leader, participant and independent reviewer, as applicable primarily at the location set forth above
Director Responsibilities
Provide leadership, direction, and guidance to the team, including setting priorities, managing resources, and ensuring alignment with company objectives. Participate in continuous coaching development.
Build and manage a high-performing team by hiring, training, mentoring, and evaluating team members to drive performance and achieve goals, while managing employee success through setting clear expectations, providing continuous feedback, supporting professional development, creating an environment of psychological safety and intentional inclusion, and driving succession and workforce planning for the group.
Develop and communicate the long-term vision and strategic goals for the department or organization and guiding the development and implementation of plans to achieve them.
Collaborate and partner with other departments, teams, directors, executive directors, and company leadership to ensure alignment and integration of efforts, promote teamwork, and achieve shared objectives.
Make informed and timely decisions based on analysis of data, industry trends, and organizational goals to drive results and solve complex problems.
Develop and manage budgets, allocating resources effectively, and optimizing resource utilization to support group goals and objectives. Forecast and submit budget requirements and monitor and report on financial performance against budget.
Build and maintain relationships with internal and external stakeholders, including customers, partners, and regulatory agencies, to support business objectives and foster collaboration.
Monitor group performance, track key metrics, and report progress to senior management or stakeholders to ensure accountability and transparency. Align group KPIs and metric goals and be accountable for achievement.
Identify potential risks and implement strategies to mitigate them, ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements, and promoting a culture of risk awareness and management.
Drive a culture of continuous improvement, innovation, and strategic problem-solving within the department or organization by fostering creativity, seeking opportunities for efficiency gains and process optimization, and identifying strategic gaps/opportunities and posing potential solutions.
Education & Credentials:
Bachelor’s degree in science, engineering or related field and
10+ years of progressive experience in science, engineering, or related field with 6+ years progressive leadership experience or
Master’s and/or doctoral degree in related area is preferred.
Outstanding leadership, team building and problem solving skills.
Superior communication skills including an ability to influence at all levels of the organization.
Equivalent combination of education and related experience
Benefits
At Brewer Science, we are a Top Workplace, Certified Employee-Owned, Certified B Corp™, and GreenCircle Certified Zero Waste to Landfill. By joining Brewer Science, you will be eligible to receive benefits including:
Medical, dental, vision, life, long- and short-term disability, identity theft protection, and pet insurance
Paid leave, including community service leave, wellness breaks, and other special leave
Employee stock ownership, 401k, and bonus plans
Educational assistance & employee assistance program
Compensation
Compensation will depend on position level, your skills, qualifications, experience, and geographic location.

Springfield, MO salary range for this role is expected between $143,066 and $185,985 annually
Application Process: To apply for this position please complete the online application. This position is open until filled. Screening will begin immediately.
Equal Employment Opportunity - M/F/Disability/Veterans
        