Title: RN - Neuro/Bariatric Step Down
        Company: Presbyterian Healthcare Services
        Location: Panorama Heights, Sandoval County
        
        Description:
        Overview:
We are hiring an
RN
for our 48 bed, step down unit. Our unit treats a wide variety of patients including those with Stroke, CHF, GI, Renal,
Neurologic
conditions, patients in respiratory distress,
Neuro
, and
post bariatric surgery
patients. We work with interdisciplinary teams such as social workers, PT/OT, Case Managers, and outpatient services. The biggest focus on our unit is a warm welcoming culture that understands the importance of work life balance. We are a family oriented unit that believes in supporting one another, with lots of opportunity for growth as you build your critical thinking skills in our fast paced environment.
Sign on
and
relocation bonuses
available for qualified candidates
.
How you grow, learn and thrive matters here.
Educational and career development options, including tuition and certification reimbursement, scholarship opportunities
Wearable alarm badge (a wearable badge that allows nurses to quickly and discreetly call for help when safety is a concern)
Shift differentials for nights and weekends
Differentials for higher education, certifications and various lead roles
Malpractice liability insurance
Loan forgiveness through the New Mexico Higher Education Department
EPIC electronic charting system
Type of Opportunity: Full Time (0.9 FTE/36 hours per week)
Work Schedule: 12 Hour Day
Interested in learning more?:
Have more questions about this opportunity?
Schedule a one-on-one chat with a Nurse Recruiter by
clicking here
Qualifications:
Associate Degree in Nursing
State of New Mexico or Compact State Nursing License
BLS certification REQUIRED at time of hire
ACLS
Benefits:
Learn more about our employee benefits.
About Presbyterian Healthcare Services
Presbyterian exists to improve the health of patients, members and the communities we serve. We are a locally owned, not-for-profit healthcare system comprised of nine hospitals, a statewide health plan and a growing multi-specialty medical group. Founded in New Mexico in 1908, we are the state's largest private employer with nearly 13,000 employees - including more than 1,200 providers and nearly 3,500 nurses.
Our health plan serves more than 640,000 members statewide and offers Medicare Advantage, Medicaid (Centennial Care) and Commercial health plans.
AA/EOE/VET/DISABLED. PHS is a drug-free and tobacco-free employer with smoke free campuses.
Maximum Offer for this position is up to: USD $51.00/Hr. Compensation Disclaimer: The compensation range for this role takes into account a wide range of factors, including but not limited to experience and training, internal equity, and other business and organizational needs.
        