Title: Senior Principal Azure Cloud Engineer
        Company: ManTech
        Location: Chantilly, Fairfax County
        
        Description:
        ManTech seeks a motivated, career and customer-oriented
Senior Principal Azure
Cloud Engineer
to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Work with Azure cloud services and infrastructure and knowledge of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools like Terraform or ARM templates.
Troubleshoot and resolve cloud infrastructure issues.
Implement Azure security best practices and Windows and Linux server management.
Use Azure data services and containerization technologies and DevOps tools such as Azure DevOps, Jenkins, and GitHub. Proficient in scripting languages such as PowerShell, Python, or Azure CLI.
Help with network security groups (NSGs) and application gateways.
Work with Azure services including compute, storage, networking, and databases.
Provide knowledge of security best practices and compliance standards, Excellent problem-solving skills and communication and collaboration skills.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, a related field or 5+ years of additional Azure Cloud experience in lieu of degree
5+ years of experience in cloud computing with a focus on Microsoft Azure.
Experience with designing and implementing Azure-based solutions with Experience in DevOps practices and tools (e.g., Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Git) and infrastructure as code tools like ARM templates, Terraform, or Ansible.
Experience with Azure Resource Manager templates, BICEP, or similar cloud templates, GitHub Enterprise, GitLab, Azure DevOps, architecture frameworks like TOGAF or Zachman or other code repositories experience.
Experience with PowerShell, Bash, Python, YAML, JSON or Ansible for automation
Minimum DoD 8570 IAT Level 2 certification required (CCNA Security, GICSP, GSEC, Sec+, CND, SSCP) or DoD 8570 Computing Environment certification within 6 months of hire
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree
Knowledge of containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes with experience with other cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Google Cloud Platform).
Knowledge of Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS)-199, NIST SP 800-53, NIST SP 800-53A, NIST SP 800-37, and DoD Cloud Security Requirements Guide.
Microsoft Certified Azure Administrator Associate, Microsoft Certified Azure Security Engineer Associate, Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, or Azure Solutions Architect Expert
Clearance Requirements:
Must have a current/active TS/SCI w/Polygraph
Physical Requirements:
The person in this position must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the time. Occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, or to communicate with co-workers, management, and customers, via email, phone, and or virtual communication, which may involve delivering presentations.
        