Title: Ethereum Ecosystem Lead
        Company: Blockdaemon
        Location: New York City, New York
        
        Description:
        Position Overview
We are seeking an experienced Ethereum Ecosystem Lead with a strong background in Ethereum to join our growing team. As part of the Protocols team at Blockdaemon, you will report directly to the Global Head of Protocols to drive the growth, development, and adoption of our ETH ecosystem. You will work closely with business decision-makers, developers, partners, and other key stakeholders to understand and support these ecosystems, expand and ensure a thriving ecosystem around our platform.
Your Impact
Ecosystem Growth and Development:
Establish and grow relationships with the protocol Foundation(s) and their key stakeholders across functions (technical and non-technical)
Identify, build, and manage strategic partnerships with key projects, developers, and companies within these ecosystems
Leverage existing relationships with key players in the Ethereum ecosystems
Support Blockdaemon Product and go-to-market teams as the key person for these ecosystems
Liaise with Blockdaemon technical and research teams to support open source projects
Technical Collaboration and Support:
Collaborate with internal and external development teams to guide Blockdaemon product roadmaps and ensure continuous improvement of our products within these ecosystems
Collaborate with external teams to ensure effective understanding, onboarding and utilization of Blockdaemon’s platform
Provide technical guidance and support to partners, developers, and other community members in the ecosystem
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of the protocol(s) and monitor technical developments and trends in the Ethereum and Solana ecosystems to keep Blockdaemon at the forefront of innovation
Community Engagement:
Engage with developer communities within these ecosystems in person or over communication channels (eg discord, telegram, slack)
Act as a spokesperson and thought leader, representing the company with institutional customers, at conferences, online communities, and industry events. Ability to travel is therefore required.
Collaborate with marketing teams to build awareness and educate the broader ecosystem about our platform and tools.
Product Feedback and Improvement:
Gather feedback from our institutional customers, the developer community and ecosystem partners to drive continuous improvement of the platform.
Work with product and engineering teams to prioritize features and tools that support ecosystem needs.
Role Requirements
Technical Skills:
5+ years of experience in blockchain or cryptocurrency ecosystems, with a deep understanding of Ethereum.
Strong technical understanding of blockchain technologies and validation/staking services, including smart contracts, dApps, and DeFi protocols.
Communication and Leadership:
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with experience in interacting with institutional customers and developer advocacy or technical evangelism.
Ability to inspire and lead cross-functional teams and manage relationships with diverse stakeholders.
Strategic Mindset:
Ability to identify emerging trends and opportunities in the blockchain space.
Strong business acumen and understanding of how ecosystem growth contributes to overall business objectives.
Proven track record in building, managing, and growing developer ecosystems.
Nice-To-Have Skills
Experience with blockchain nodes and staking
Hands-on experience with Solidity (Ethereum)
Experience with other Blockchain ecosystems (eg Solana / RUST)
Experience organizing and participating in hackathons, workshops, or blockchain-related conferences.
Familiarity with DeFi, NFTs, or other relevant sectors within the blockchain ecosystem.
About Us:
We Power the Blockchain economy.
Blockdaemon powers the blockchain economy with its suite of industry-leading
infrastructure solutions. We are a globally established, ISO-27001 certified partner with extensive protocol coverage, offering technical depth, industry-leading SLAs, 70+ global points of presence through 10+ cloud and bare metal providers, and 24/7 support for an unmatched institutional-grade experience. We provide integrated business solutions to exchanges, custodians, crypto platforms, financial institutions, and developers using our end-to-end suite of blockchain tools, including dedicated nodes, APIs, staking, liquid staking, MPC tech, and more. Blockdaemon provides its customers with the confidence to quickly and easily scale without compromising security or compliance.
We are a globally distributed team.
Blockdaemon is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
        