Title: General Clerk III
        Company: Bowhead / UIC Technical Services
        Location: Phoenix, Maricopa County
        
        Description:
        Overview GENERAL CLERK III (ICE-AZ-2025-22646): Bowhead seeks a General Clerk III to provide Document Management Support Services to the Office of Principal Legal Advisor (OPLA). OPLA requires case management support and administrative services for the execution of their broad and diverse mission of providing a full range of legal counsel and services to all ICE offices and programs. OPLA's responsibilities include representing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in proceedings before the Immigration Courts, representing DHS in appellate proceedings before the Board of Immigration Appeals, and providing support and direction to the Department of Justice, Office of Immigration Litigation as well as to the U.S. Attorney's Offices nationwide. The Chief Counsel's office handles confidential and high-level documentation. This position is full time, benefits eligible at an hourly rate of $20.03 plus H&W (Health and Welfare) rate per local wage determination. The location is Phoenix, AZ. Responsibilities The duties primarily include maintaining and organizing files, mail management, scanning of documents, enter/upload data into PLAnet (OPLA's electronic alien file repository), conducting research and drafting documents. General Clerk III follows detailed procedures in performing repetitive tasks in the same sequence. Other general clerical duties include: Mail Management, including paper and electronic correspondence and packages Receive, open date stamp, sort and distribute in-bound mail Interfile correspondence in case files Shelve/re-shelve files as appropriate Utilize the National File Tracking System (NFTS) to locate files and for internal and external file transfers Assist with Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests Per local office procedures, route or file materials that concern legal or specialized matters (e.g., briefs, correspondence, exhibit packets) Comply with ICE and NARA (National Archives and Records Administration) General Records Schedule document retention standardization policy and procedures Enter/upload data into PLAnet (OPLA's electronic alien file repository), including but not limited to the recording of receipt of motions, notices of appeal, briefing schedules, court decisions Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent required. Minimum of one (1) year experience in an administrative office environment required. Extensive computer/PC knowledge required including; spreadsheet software, word processing software and knowledge of MS Office Suite. Must be able to successfully pass a federal background investigation* and pre-employment drug screen. * Federal background investigation includes, but is not limited to, citizenship status, residency information, work experience, education, credit history, criminal record check, and fingerprints. Physical Demands: Must be able to lift up to 35 pounds Must be able to stand and walk for prolonged amounts of time Must be able to twist, bend and squat periodically SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED: Must be able to obtain a security clearance at the DHS ICE T2 level. #LI-JA1
        