Title: Solid Organ Transplant Registered Nurse
        Company: Medical City Dallas
        Location: University Park, Dallas
        
        Description:
        Description
Introduction
Do you have the career opportunities as a Solid Organ Transplant Registered Nurse you want in your current role? We invest in what matters most to nurses like you – at home, at work, and at every stage in your career. We have an exciting opportunity for you to join Medical City Dallas which is a part of the nation’s leading provider of healthcare services, HCA Healthcare.
Schedule: Full-Time Nights 7P-7A
This position may be eligible for a $7500 Sign-On Bonus option for qualified candidates!
Benefits
Medical City Dallas, offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include:
Comprehensive medical coverage that covers many common services at no cost or for a low copay. Plans include prescription drug and behavioral health coverage as well as free telemedicine services and free AirMed medical transportation.
Additional options for dental and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, flexible spending accounts, supplemental health protection plans (accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity), auto and home insurance, identity theft protection, legal counseling, long-term care coverage, moving assistance, pet insurance and more.
Free counseling services and resources for emotional, physical and financial wellbeing
401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan with 10% off HCA Healthcare stock
Family support through fertility and family building benefits with Progyny and adoption assistance.
Referral services for child, elder and pet care, home and auto repair, event planning and more
Consumer discounts through Abenity and Consumer Discounts
Retirement readiness, rollover assistance services and preferred banking partnerships
Education assistance (tuition, student loan, certification support, dependent scholarships)
Colleague recognition program
Time Away From Work Program (paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence)
Employee Health Assistance Fund that offers free employee-only coverage to full-time and part-time colleagues based on income.
Learn more about Employee Benefits
Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location.
Do you want to work where you have a voice? Nurses are at the forefront of our commitment to the care and improvement of human life. At HCA Healthcare, there are many ways for nurses to have a voice through professional practice councils, advisory councils, vital voices surveys, and units of distinction. We learn from our multi-generational nursing family. We partner with our Nurses at Medical City Dallas!
Job Summary and Qualifications
As a Registered Nurse, you will be responsible for delivering high-quality, patient-centered care in line with the requirements of the department and the standards of practice for the relevant state and specialty. Collaborating with medical providers and the care team, you will provide personalized, comprehensive, and compassionate care, following established nursing models such as "Assess, Perform, Teach, and Manage." You will also act as an advocate for patients, families, and caregivers, embodying the organization's vision, mission, and values to ensure an outstanding patient experience and positive clinical outcomes.
What you will do in this role:
Assess the patient's condition during admission and each scheduled shift, promptly identifying and reporting any changes in patient status.
Perform procedures, monitoring, or other functions as ordered by the medical provider(s), and ensure thorough and timely documentation of care administration in the patient's medical record. - Administer prescribed medications, monitor the patient for therapeutic response, and take appropriate action in the event of an unintended response to the medication.
Provide exceptional care by responding promptly to patient requests, proactively anticipating patient needs, and resolving them.
Educate patients, families, and caregivers about the patient's medical condition, treatment plan, medications, possible side effects, and follow-up measures, ensuring complete understanding by translating complex medical terminology.
What qualifications you will need:
Advanced Cardiac Life Spt must be obtained within 60 months of employment start date
Basic Cardiac Life Support must be obtained within 30 days of employment start date
Registered Nurse
Minimum of 1 year Acute Care Registered Nurse experience required
Associate Degree; BSN preferred w/enrollment in 12 moths and completion w/in 24 months
Medical City Dallas is recognized for its advanced medical facilities and commitment to excellence in patient care. We are an 895+ bed tertiary care center. Our medical team consists of more than 1,500 physicians, many are recognized as the world's best in their specialties. Patients travel to Medical City Dallas from all over the United States and from other countries. We offer sophisticated treatment by our 400+ in-house physician specialists. Medical City Dallas has a full-service adult hospital and pediatric hospital. We have separate adult and pediatric emergency rooms, outpatient clinics and diagnostic centers. Our providers have access to state-of-the-art technology and are pioneering new medical procedures to accommodate patient needs. As a part of the Medical City network of hospitals, patients are ensured access to leading medical experts and advanced healthcare innovations across the network.
HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.
"Bricks and mortar do not make a hospital. People do."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr.
HCA Healthcare Co-Founder
If this opportunity is your next step in your career path, we encourage you to apply for our Solid Organ Transplant Registered Nurse opening. We review all applications. Qualified candidates will be contacted by a member of our team.
We are interviewing apply today!
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
        