Title: AR/VR Developer
        Company: Zekiah Technologies
        Location: Dahlgren, King George County
        
        Description:
        Full-time

Description
Zekiah is seeking a creative individual to join our team as an AR/VR Developer. The ideal candidate will have extensive knowledge of Unity or Unreal game engine development. You will be working with other developers, data scientists, and engineers with the shared goal of creating complex virtual systems.
Responsibilities
Develop AR and VR environments and systems using the latest AR/VR headsets
Leverage 3D scanning systems to create realistic 3D models of real-world objects
Utilize the Unity or Unreal gaming engine, along with C# and Python to develop AR/VR environments
Integrate sensor outputs, other software applications, and AI/ML algorithms into AR/VR environments
Requirements
Certificate, associate’s degree, or bachelor’s degree in graphic design or a related field
Senior experience (5+ years of experience) with Unity or Unreal game engine development
Proficient in C#, C++, or C, and familiar with Python
Familiar with parsing of binary packages over the network or raw input files. You should be able to take a defined format description and apply it
Ability to manage priorities from multiple projects
Knowledge of inter-process communications (networking, named pipes, memory-mapped files)
Ability to integrate with external plugins and libraries
Knowledge of video encoding, decoding, and streaming through FFMPEG/VLC/GSTREAMER
Familiar with Git workflows
Contingent Work Eligibility Requirements
U.S. citizen with currently active Interim Secret security clearance (or higher)
Clearance Level - Final Position Requirement
Active Secret
Travel Required: No
Potential for Telework: Yes (max 40%)
About Us
Here at Zekiah, our journey is about enhancing our warfighters’ superiority by developing and integrating forward-thinking communication and technology systems. Each team member plays an important role in making this possible by bringing their skills and knowledge to help our customers tackle their challenges, devise innovative solutions, and support their critical missions. We take care of our employees through a balanced work life, fair salaries, great benefits, and giving them a voice.
Benefits
We offer health, dental, vision, life, and supplemental insurance for full-time employees and their families. We also offer holiday and vacation pay, sick leave, performance-based bonuses, a retirement plan with company match, and an education reimbursement program. Explore our benefits and work culture at https://www.zekiah.com/careers.
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Zekiah Technologies, Inc. does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), ethnicity, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.
        