Title: Game Design - Technology Instructor
        Company: iD Tech
        Location: Pawtucket, Providence County
        
        Description:
        SUMMARY
An Instructor is responsible for creating the ultimate iD experience! This includes fostering a FUN and SAFE environment while helping students learn new technology and think creatively. In addition to creating an engaging learning environment, an Instructor is in charge of continuously supervising students, leading games and activities, and maintaining a safe atmosphere while on duty.
CERTIFICATION AND TRAINING
Attend an online Regional Staff Training
Attend weekend onsite orientation session
Complete ALL paperwork and training requirements
Learn software and curriculum for multiple courses prior to onsite orientation
May be required to be fingerprinted (based on location)
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE JOB
General
:
Assist with location set-up, tear down and product inventory/assessment - ability to lift 50 lbs
Assist with check-in each session (may include leading icebreakers, directing parents, processing paperwork, etc.)
Plan and participate in indoor and outdoor activities for students
Additional duties as needed and assigned by your Director
Instructional
:
Prepare lesson plans, and teach a class with an average of 8 students
Ensure all students are meeting set curriculum goals
Apply behavior management techniques to enforce rules and safety regulations
Socialize with families during points of contact
Escort students to and from dining halls - traveling up to 1 mile
Health, Safety, & First-Aid:
Supervise all students and maintain a safe environment
Respond to and document critical incidents - have good hearing & eyesight, mobility, be able to operate emergency exits
QUALIFICATIONS, EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
The ideal candidate would have expertise in two or more areas of technology pertinent to the program. In addition, the candidate must demonstrate flexibility, energy, positivity, leadership abilities, and strong communication skills. A background working with kids, teens and camp experience is highly recommended. The ideal candidate would have completed 2+ years of college and previous iD experience.  Applicants under 18 will not be considered.
PAY
The pay for this position varies by work location:
California: $17.50-$19/hr
Colorado: $19/hr
Washington DC: $17.50/hr
Illinois: $16.25/hr
Maryland: $725/week
Minnesota: $16/hr
New York: $16.50-17/hr for staff working at day-only camps, $825/week for staff working at overnight locations
Seattle: $21/hr for day staff, $1,200/week for staff working overnight schedule
Bellevue, WA: $20.50/hr
Other locations: To be discussed in interview
This position is eligible for 401(k) once eligibility requirements are met and other benefits, such as paid sick leave, as required by state or local law.
Hiring begins 11/1/24 and continues through approximately 5/15/25. The number of available positions diminishes further into our hiring season.
Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to the LA FCO and the CA Fair Chance Act. This position involves the supervision and care of minors and as such a criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship which may result in the withdrawal of conditional job offers.
        