Title: Radiologic Technologist - Unity Hospital [Part time]
        Company: Rochester Regional Health
        Location: Ridgemont, Monroe County
        
        Description:
        Job Title:
Radiology Technologist
Department:
Imaging
Location:
Unity Hospital
Hours Per Week:
20
Schedule:
Saturday and Sunday (12PM-10:30PM)
SUMMARY:
The Radiologic Technologist performs and assists radiologists in performing radiographic procedures, obtaining films of good diagnostic quality, while providing maximum comfort and safety to patients undergoing these procedures.
The
Rochester Regional Health Imaging and Radiology
teams provide the highest quality diagnostic and treatment imaging services to the Western, Central and Finger Lakes New York communities. Our team prides themselves on providing the most advance imaging and radiologic services that guide treatment plans and care decisions. With a variety of clinical settings, Rochester Regional Health offers an environment and specialty right for you.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for radiography of patients in all assigned areas.
Maintains accountability for timely and proper service to patients during unsupervised shifts.
Maintains accountability for proper documentation of exams and related procedures utilizing the RIS/PACS and in patient charts as necessary.
Cleans, restocks and prepares rooms on a daily basis.
Attends hospital and departmental meetings and in-services.
Practices and held accountable for excellent customer service behaviors.
Provide on-call coverage for the Diagnostic Section of Radiology.
Performs other duties as assigned.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Two years college certificate or equivalent
NYS license in Radiologic Technology required OR must hold NYS permit and obtain licensure within six months of hire.
If licensed after 2007 must obtain American Registry of Radiologic Technologist Certification (ARRT) within 1 year of hire.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Radiologic Technologist experience preferred
EDUCATION:
AAS: Radiologic Technology
LICENSES / CERTIFICATIONS:
R - Radiography - American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT), RT(R) - Registered Radiologic Technologist - New York State Education Department (NYSED)
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
M - Medium Work - Exerting 20 to 50 pounds of force occasionally, and/or 10 to 25 pounds of force frequently, and/or greater than negligible up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects; Requires frequent walking, standing or squatting.
For disease specific care programs refer to the program specific requirements of the department for further specifications on experience and educational expectations, including continuing education requirements.
Any physical requirements reported by a prospective employee and/or employee’s physician or delegate will be considered for accommodations.
PAY RANGE:
$28.75 - $38.75
CITY:
Rochester
POSTAL CODE:
14626
The listed base pay range is a good faith representation of current potential base pay for a successful full time applicant. It may be modified in the future and eligible for additional pay components. Pay is determined by factors including experience, relevant qualifications, specialty, internal equity, location, and contracts.
Rochester Regional Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minority/Female/Disability/Veterans by a prospective employee and/or employee’s Physician or delegate will be considered for accommodations.
        