Title: C.N.A.
        Company: Rochester Regional Health
        Location: Pittsford, Monroe County
        
        Description:
        SUMMARY
As a Certified Nursing Assistant, you will provide high quality, individualized patient care in collaboration with the nursing team.  Your ability to take initiative while always assisting and maintaining patient care will be critical in the success of the entire team.
STATUS
: Full Time
LOCATION:
Clifton Springs Nursing Home
DEPARTMENT:
Long Term Care
SCHEDULE:
Nights, 11p-7a
ATTRIBUTES
Compassionate, patient focused and dependable team player
Exceptional documentation skills and professional behavior
Ability to read, write and speak English (following both verbal and written instruction)
RESPONSIBILITIES
Patient Care & Service.
Provide and/or assist the resident in activities necessary as per individualized care planning; transport to and from activities as needed; provide leisure activities as needed; perform evaluation and reporting; provide resident and family with emotional support
Safety.
Assist in maintaining a clean and safe resident environment
Communication & Documentation.
Support families, direct them to appropriate professional staff; respond to resident requests in a timely manner; receive/give reports to team members/team leaders
EDUCATION:
LICENSES / CERTIFICATIONS:
CNA - Certified Nursing Assistant - New York State Education Department (NYSED)
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
M - Medium Work - Exerting 20 to 50 pounds of force occasionally, and/or 10 to 25 pounds of force frequently, and/or greater than negligible up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects; Requires frequent walking, standing or squatting.
For disease specific care programs refer to the program specific requirements of the department for further specifications on experience and educational expectations, including continuing education requirements.
Any physical requirements reported by a prospective employee and/or employee’s physician or delegate will be considered for accommodations.
PAY RANGE:
$19.50 - $20.70
CITY:
Clifton Springs
POSTAL CODE:
14432
The listed base pay range is a good faith representation of current potential base pay for a successful full time applicant. It may be modified in the future and eligible for additional pay components. Pay is determined by factors including experience, relevant qualifications, specialty, internal equity, location, and contracts.
Rochester Regional Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minority/Female/Disability/Veterans by a prospective employee and/or employee’s Physician or delegate will be considered for accommodations.
        