Title: barista - Store 00876, WINCHESTER, GRAB & GO
        Company: Starbucks
        Location: Winchester, Middlesex County
        
        Description:
        Join us and inspire with every cup!
At Starbucks, it’s all about connection. People are at the heart of who we are, especially the people that are a part of our store team. We connect with each other, our customers and our communities to make a positive impact every day. We believe in working together to make a difference and in celebrating our shared success, which is why we call ourselves Starbucks “partners.” Starbucks is a place of warmth and belonging, where everyone is welcome, and we value the unique experiences that each partner brings to our team!
As a Starbucks
barista
, you’ll create the
Starbucks Experience
for our customers through excellent service and expertly-crafted products. You’ll be in an energetic store environment where you’ll have the ability to master your food & beverage craft, work alongside friends and meet new people every day. A cup of coffee and smile can go a long way, and we believe our baristas have the power to be the best moment in each customer’s day.
You’d make a great barista if you:
Consider yourself a “people person,” and enjoy meeting others.
Love working as a team and appreciate the chance to collaborate.
Understand how to create a great customer service experience.
Have a focus on quality and take pride in your work.
Are open to learning new things (especially the latest beverage recipe!)
Are comfortable with responsibilities like cash-handling and store safety.
Can keep cool and calm in a fast-paced, energetic work environment.
Can maintain a clean and organized workspace.
Have excellent communications skills.
From free coffee to competitive pay, Starbucks is proud to offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits package to our eligible part-time and full-time partners. Benefits include 100% tuition coverage through our
Starbucks College Achievement Plan
, health coverage with a variety of plans to choose from, and stock & savings programs like our equity reward program,
Bean Stock
. What’s more, Starbucks offers flexible scheduling and opportunities for paid time off. Visit starbucksbenefits.com for details.
Benefit Information
Summary of Experience
No previous experience required
Basic Qualifications
Maintain regular and consistent attendance and punctuality, with or without reasonable accommodation
Available to work flexible hours that may include early mornings, evenings, weekends, nights and/or  holidays
Meet store operating policies and standards, including providing quality beverages and food products, cash handling and store safety and security, with or without reasonable accommodation
Engage with and understand our customers, including discovering and responding to customer needs through clear and pleasant communication
Prepare food and beverages to standard recipes or customized for customers, including recipe changes such as temperature, quantity of ingredients or substituted ingredients
Available to perform many different tasks within the store during each shift
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Ability to learn quickly
Ability to understand and carry out oral and written instructions and request clarification when needed
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to work as part of a team
Ability to build relationships
As a Starbucks
partner, you (and your family) will have access to medical, dental, vision, basic and supplemental life insurance, and other voluntary insurance benefits.  Partners have access to short-term and long-term disability, paid parental leave, family expansion reimbursement, paid vacation that accrues starting at .01961 hours based on a 40 hour week up to 40 hours annually (64 hours in California) after an introductory period, sick time (accrued at 1 hour for every 25 or 30 hours worked, depending on work location), and additional pay if working on one of eight observed holidays. Starbucks also offers eligible partners participation in a 401(k)-retirement plan with employer match, a discounted company stock program (S.I.P.), Starbucks equity program (Bean Stock), incentivized emergency savings, and financial well-being tools.  Additionally, Starbucks offers 100% upfront tuition coverage for a first-time bachelor’s degree through Arizona State University’s online program via the Starbucks College Achievement Plan, student loan management resources, and access to other educational opportunities. You will also have access to backup care and DACA reimbursement. Starbucks will comply with any applicable state and local laws regarding employee leave benefits, including, but not limited to providing time off pursuant to the Colorado Healthy Families and Workplaces Act, in accordance with its plans and policies. This list is subject to change depending on collective bargaining in locations where partners have a certified bargaining representative.
For additional information regarding partner perks and more detailed information regarding benefits, go to
starbucksbenefits.com.
At Starbucks, it is typical for new partners to be hired at the entry point of the range for their role, which is based upon geographic location. Individual compensation decisions are dependent upon the facts and circumstances of each position and candidate.
Starbucks is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital status, military or veteran status, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other factor protected by law.
We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
        