Title: CNO Java Software Engineer
        Company: ManTech
        Location: Harmans, Anne Arundel County
        
        Description:
        ManTech seeks a motivated, career and customer-oriented
CNO Java Software Engineer
to join our team in the Hanover, Maryland location.  Provides specialized development, testing and evaluation capabilities tailored to system functions.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Developing and coding software, ensuring software standards are met.
Performing system and subsystem definition, preliminary and detailed design, design implementation, and subsystem and system integration and tests for a system.
Researching requirements for a product, including CNO deployment environment, performance criteria, and competitive issues.
Designing ideas for new capabilities or recommendations for improvements to existing capabilities.
Determining computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming.
Debugging and troubleshooting software
Modifying existing software to correct errors, to adapt to new requirements, or to improve performance.
Performing quality control on team products.
Coordinating and performing software deployments for developed products.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, plus 7 years of programming experience
OR
11 years of programming experience in lieu of a degree.
Experience with Java 8 or higher
Experience with build environments such as Gradle or Maven
Experience with Object Oriented Analysis and Design
Familiarity with Software Version Control
Knowledge of CNO environment
Knowledge of agile software development methodology
Knowledge of XML or XSLT
Knowledge of JSON
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Spring Cloud & Spring Boot
Experience with Kafka
Experience with Subversion/GIT
Experience with Elastic / Kibana
Experience using VMWare, preferably ESX
Experience with containers (Docker, Kubernetes)
Atlassian Tools (Confluence, Jira, Bamboo, Crucible)
Strong problem-solving skills
Security Clearance Requirements:
Must have an active and current TS/SCI with Polygraph clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Ability to remain stationary for extended periods (50% of the time) and operate computer equipment and office machinery.
Regular communication with co-workers, management, and customers.
        