Title: RN - Recovery Room, Pre OP, PACU - Rust Medical Center -PRN
        Company: Presbyterian Healthcare Services
        Location: Panorama Heights, Sandoval County
        
        Description:
        Overview:
Type of Opportunity:
Per Required Need
FTE: 0.001
Exempt: No
Work Schedule:
Varied Days and Hours
We're all about well-being, starting with yours.
Presbyterian employees have access to a fun, engaging and unique wellness program, including free on-site and community-based gyms, nutrition coaching and classes, mindfulness and meditation resources, wellness challenges and more.
Presbyterian is committed to an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone is valued and empowered for success. We believe that our environment should reflect the diversity of our community.
How you grow, learn and thrive matters here.
Educational and career development options, including tuition and certification reimbursement, scholarship opportunities
Strongline Staff Safety (a wearable badge that allows nurses to quickly and discreetly call for help when safety is a concern)
Shift differentials for nights and weekends
Differentials for higher education, certifications and various lead roles
Malpractice liability insurance
Summary:
Presbyterian
is seeking an experienced
Pre Op
and
PACU nurse
to join the
Surgical Services Unit
at
Rust Medical Center
in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.  In this role you will be
rotated
throughout the
surgical services
unit to include all
Pre Op/PACU and Recovery
Recovery Room Nurses
care for patients who are recovering from anesthesia after surgery. They monitor post-operation vital signs, assess levels of consciousness, and carefully observe patients for any side effects from anesthesia.
Pre Op Nurses
work with patients prior to surgery to complete paperwork, and help answer questions or calm fears about surgery.
PACU and Pre Op
nurses are responsible for utilizing the nursing process to provide direct patient care to an assigned group of patients during a shift. Responsible for prioritizing the delivery of direct nursing care using time and resources efficiently integrating a standards based framework model.
Interested in learning more?:
Text 505.388.0350 or schedule directly with me by clicking here!
Qualifications:
Credentials:
Registered Nurse - State of New Mexico
or
Compact State Nursing License required
.
**BLS required at time of hire
Education: Associate Degree in
Nursing
Experience: Previous
Pre Op or PACU experience highly preferred
Benefits:
We're all about well-being, starting with yours.
Presbyterian employees have access to a fun, engaging and unique wellness program, including free on-site and community-based gyms, nutrition coaching and classes, mindfulness and meditation resources, wellness challenges and more.
Learn more about our employee benefits.
About Presbyterian Healthcare Services
Presbyterian exists to improve the health of patients, members and the communities we serve. We are a locally owned, not-for-profit healthcare system comprised of nine hospitals, a statewide health plan and a growing multi-specialty medical group. Founded in New Mexico in 1908, we are the state's largest private employer with nearly 13,000 employees - including more than 1,200 providers and nearly 3,500 nurses.
Our health plan serves more than 640,000 members statewide and offers Medicare Advantage, Medicaid (Centennial Care) and Commercial health plans.
AA/EOE/VET/DISABLED. PHS is a drug-free and tobacco-free employer with smoke free campuses.
Maximum Offer for this position is up to: USD $56.10/Hr. Compensation Disclaimer: The compensation range for this role takes into account a wide range of factors, including but not limited to experience and training, internal equity, and other business and organizational needs.
        