Title: CT Radiology Technologist Swift Creek PRN
        Company: Johnston-Willis Hospital
        Location: Chamberlayne, Henrico County
        
        Description:
        Description
Introduction
Do you have the PRN career opportunities as a(an) CT Radiology Tech Swift Creek Emergency Room PRN you want with your current employer? We have an exciting opportunity for you to join Johnston-Willis Hospital which is part of the nation's leading provider of healthcare services, HCA Healthcare.
Benefits
Johnston-Willis Hospital, offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include:
Comprehensive medical coverage that covers many common services at no cost or for a low copay. Plans include prescription drug and behavioral health coverage as well as telemedicine services and free AirMed medical transportation.
Additional options for dental and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, flexible spending accounts, supplemental health protection plans (accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity), auto and home insurance, identity theft protection, legal counseling, long-term care coverage, moving assistance, pet insurance and more.
Fertility and family building benefits through Progyny
Free counseling services and resources for emotional, physical and financial wellbeing
Family support, including adoption assistance, child and elder care resources and consumer discounts
401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Retirement readiness and rollover services and preferred banking partnerships
Education assistance (tuition, student loan, certification support, dependent scholarships)
Colleague recognition program
Time Away From Work Program (paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence)
Learn more about Employee Benefits
Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location.
Our teams are a committed, caring group of colleagues. Do you want to work as a(an) CT Radiology Tech Swift Creek Emergency Room PRN where your passion for creating positive patient interactions is valued? If you are dedicated to caring for the well-being of others, this could be your next opportunity. We want your knowledge and expertise!
Job Summary and Qualifications
SPECIFIC ELEMENTS AND ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Demonstrates ability to obtain quality CT images of patients. Demonstrates competence in following established scanning protocols and exercises ability to adjust protocols as required.
Complies with radiation safety guidelines for patient and self. Appropriately utilizes Personal Protective Equipment. Always operates CT scanner safely and competently.
Demonstrates the ability to perform all necessary computer operations. (i.e. Meditech) Ensure proper charges are entered and referring physicians orders are verified.
Renders patient care in a professional and courteous manner.
Prepares examination rooms for CT scan and/or invasive procedures. Monitors inventory of supplies during room rotation and maintain room cleanliness and neat appearance.
Assist the radiologist in administering medication, contrast agents, performing biopsies and all types of care to patients.
Reviews each exam for technical accuracy (i.e. technical quality, anatomical positioning, annotation, etc.) and completes verification process in PACS.
Assists Facility System Administrator and CT Supervisor with PACS clean up. (i.e.: unarchived images, verifications and reporting unspecified images).
Maintains strict confidentiality regarding employees and patients according to HIPAA Policy and Procedure.
Completes and maintains personal educational requirements
QUALIFICATIONS
Graduate of AMA approved School of Radiologic Technology. Responsible for continuing education credits as mandated by the ARRT for licensure - Required
American Registry of Radiologic Technology - Required
ARRT - CT Technology Certification (required within 6 months of hire) - Required
American Heart Association Basic Life Support (BLS) Health Care Provider - Required
EXPERIENCE
One-year as a CT technologist - Preferred
CJW Medical Center is comprised of Chippenham Hospital and Johnston-Willis Hospital. We have served the greater Richmond Virginia area for over 100 years. Our campuses offer services in orthopedics, joint care, behavioral health, cancer care, and neurology. We have been recognized as a top performer on Key Quality Measures. Our care like family culture extends to our patients, our people and our community. We are committed to each other because when we join together, our patients are cared for in the safest and most compassionate way.
HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.
"Bricks and mortar do not make a hospital. People do."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr.
HCA Healthcare Co-Founder
If you are looking for an opportunity that provides satisfaction and personal growth, we encourage you to apply for our CT Radiology Tech Swift Creek Emergency Room PRN opening. We review all applications. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews.
Unlock the possibilities and apply today!
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status
        