Title: Senior Backend Developer (Symfony)
        Company: CapsLock
        Location: Madrid, Houston County
        
        Description:
        CapsLock
builds exceptional IT marketing solutions for large partners from North America.
We create a unique marketing platform to deliver high-quality service in different industries.
CapsLock is looking to hire an outstanding
Backend PHP Developer
with solid technical skills to support all current projects and create new ones.
You'll be involved in a spectrum of development practices, from cultivating high-level design to the specifics of software implementation. We have a great IT team with a strong development background to improve your skills and share your knowledge.
Responsibilities:
Researching, designing, implementing, and managing software programs.
Testing and evaluating new programs.
Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications.
Producing clean, efficient code based on specifications.
Integrating software components and third-party programs.
Determining operational practicality.
Developing quality assurance procedures.
Deploying software tools, processes, and metrics.
Maintaining and upgrading existing systems.
Verifying and deploying programs and systems.
Recommending and executing improvements.
Creating technical documentation for reference and reporting.
Working closely with other developers, designers, business and systems analysts to achieve the best result.
Skills & Background:
3+ years of professional development experience in PHP.
Solid knowledge of OOP, design patterns, and layered architecture.
Proficiency in writing PHP code (7.4+).
Expertise in Symfony PHP framework.
Strong experience in SQL with MySQL/PostgreSQL.
Experience with designing software architecture.
Comfortable working with Git in Git-based workflows.
Conversational English level.
Strong communication skills, mainly written (as a remote company, we heavily emphasize written communication across all departments).
Nice to Have:
A proactive approach to problem-solving.
A positive attitude and entrepreneurial spirit.
Proficiency in using Docker
Frontend experience.
Experience in TDD, DDD.
Familiarity with *nix systems, and shell scripting.
What we offer:
Remote working - any comfortable place for doing your tasks within the CET time zone.
Full-time employment with a flexible schedule.
Paid vacations.
Benefits and bonus system.
Work-life balance.
Highly professional team.
International team network.
        