Title: Java Full Stack Engineer (TDD)
        Company: iSoftTek Solutions Inc
        Location: Chicago, Cook County
        
        Description:
        Job DescriptionJob Description
Role:
Java Full Stack Engineer (TDD)
Location:
Chicago Heights, IL (Onsite)
Duration:
12 month
yrs of exp: 10+
NEED A CANDIDATE WITH TDD EXPERIENCE (Test Drive Development)
NEW POSITION
Job Description:
Looking for a Senior Developer to work, deploy, and manage web / API based applications who are passionate about their work and embraces the ideals of the software craftsmanship and Agile development practices.
• 5-8 years of hands-on experience in developing web-based software applications.
• Collaborate with product managers and your peers to execute on a broad range of projects for the digital products.
• Responsible for future enhancements to designing and building technical solutions.
• Design complex, secure and optimized web-based applications using Java, Spring Boot, Rest API’s DevOps, Cloud Platform ( OCP, Kubernetes ) and will be equipped with modern CI/CD developer tool kit (STS/IntelliJ, GitHub, Jenkins, and Nexus), JWT, OAUTH, etc.
• Work closely within a cross-functional Agile delivery team to understand requirements, create development story design documents, and implement stories.
• Break down a product vision into workable technical solutions to solve business problems
• Build high quality software for large scale and highly available systems
• Provide strong technical and team leadership
• Talk about your work with both technical and non-technical team members
• Promote a risk-aware culture, ensure efficient and effective risk and compliance management practices by adhering to require standards and processes
Required Skills:
1.Prior experience in practicing Test Driven Development (mandatory).
2.Drive TDD and ability to design Unit, Integration, Functional and Non-Functional Tests (Reliability, Performance & Cyber security).
3.Strong fundamentals in Java, API first design.
4.Understanding of modern architecture and design patterns, including Microservices.
5.Experience with Spring, Kafka, Containerization, DevOps and CI/CD.
6.Database experience in Oracle, PostgresSQL, etc.
7.Cloud experience (i.e., AWS).
Kindly please share your resumes with srikar@isofttekinc.com
        