Title: CSS Clinical Supervisor Inpatient
        Company: Hillside Detox
        Location: Newton, Middlesex County
        
        Description:

        Job DescriptionJob Description

JOB TITLE: CSS Clinical Supervisor - Inpatient setting (must be a Licensed Clinician)

REPORTS TO: CEO & Director of Clinical Operations

DESCRIPTION: The Clinical Supervisor serves as a member of the CHD Ventures, LLC management team and is responsible for the clinical programming oversight, planning, implementation and supervision of the program clinicians. The Clinical Supervisor will partner with the Program Director to address program operations.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Oversight of all aspects of program clinical services.

● Provide supervision to clinicians, case managers, and counselors

● Assess and review client electronic health records and conduct annual chart reviews to ensure quality and regulatory compliance.

● Review individual treatment plans in collaboration with program staff as well as patients upon request.

● Provide ongoing documentation training for clinical staff.

● Develop curriculum and facilitate in-service clinical staff trainings.

● Collaborate with program management to include clinical components of patient and new staff orientation.

● Coordinate with clinicians when planning family meetings as needed.

● Participate in case conferences, treatment meetings and clinical review meetings. ● Partner with the Program Director to develop program emergency procedures.

● Schedule may require an on-call rotation.

● Manage weekly group schedule for patients

● Assign caseloads to teams using EHR

● Hire and train the clinical team

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this position. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Requirements

● Master's Degree in Social Work or related field.

● 2 years’ supervisory counseling experience in addiction, behavioral health, mental health settings.

● Expertise in crisis stabilization and management.

Preferred Requirements

    Licensed - LMHC or LICSW

Required

● Completion of a satisfactory criminal background check and drug screening

● Satisfactory Reference checks

Competencies

    Excellent verbal and written communication skills
    Excellent problem solving skills
    Ability to experience and express empathy
    Ability to be non-judgmental and accepting
    Ability to be flexible and adapt to change
    High level of self-awareness
    Multicultural competency