Title: JQuery. Blazor Oracle Database Trouble Shooting PC Analyst
        Company: COOLSOFT
        Location: Capitol, Richmond
        
        Description:
        JQuery. Blazor Oracle Database Trouble Shooting PC Analyst
(Jobs in Richmond, VA)
Requirement id 152923
Job title Analyst
Job location in Richmond, VA
Skills required JQuery., Blazor, Oracle SQL, Oracle Database Trouble Shooting PC
Open Date 14-Apr-2025
Close Date
Job type Contract
Duration 2 Months
Compensation DOE
Status requirement ---
Job interview type ---
Email Recruiter:coolsoft
Job Description Analyst: JQuery., Blazor, Oracle SQL, Oracle Database Trouble Shooting PC
Start date : 04/28/2025
End Date : 06/30/2025
Submission deadline : 4/17/2025
Client Info : VDOT
Note:
- Agency Interview Type : In Person Only
- Hybrid
Description :
**Mgr. requests vendors ONLY submit candidates who already LIVE IN RICHMOND, VA
**ALL interviews ONSITE
**Long-Term position requires onsite 3 days a week at 1401 East Broad Street, Richmond VA
**Assignment to be extended beyond 6/30, possibly 24 months
**Contractor will be responsible for purchasing parking through VDOTs Parking Management Office or procuring their own parking
VDOT-AMD is seeking a Developer with Strong Oral and Written Communication skills and at least 10 yrs or more .NET Web application development.
Experience and fluency with .NET web application lifecycle and middleware, C#, Web API Design, Development and Security, Blazor, JavaScript including frameworks React, Angular, Mud Blazor, CSS3 and HTML5 experience.
VDOT is seeking a senior Developer with .NET Applications Developer experience who will be responsible for managing, encoding, analyzing complex software requirements to design and develop high quality components using the .NET Core framework.
The Senior Developer is expected to ensure that programming best practices are being followed, prioritize work effectively and write system documentation when required.
The successful candidate should have strong oral and written communication skills to be effective in both technical and business requirement discussions.
Core technical skills and behavior:
Strong understanding of C# language
Demonstrated experience with .NET web application lifecycle and middleware
Demonstrated experience with software development and architecture patterns.
Web API Design, Development and Security
Blazor
Relational database design
T-Sql development
Write effective unit tests and integration tests to ensure high quality software delivery.
In-depth knowledge of system design patterns, tiered architecture, effort estimation, and testing practices.
Understanding of key business processes and competitive strategies related to the IT function.
Work with project business and system analysts to clarify the requirements and then implement them.
Participate in Agile SDLC.
Team first attitude, character and skill matter
Git / TFS (Azure DevOps) code repository experience
Desired Skills
Mud Blazor component library
Front End: HTML, CSS, JS
Dapper ORM data access
Azure DevOps for code repositories and boards
Serilog or similar logging library
Test Driven Development
Call502-379-4456 Ext 100for more details. Please provide Requirement id: 152923 while calling.
        