Title: Cryptography Engineer
        Company: Renegade
        Location: San Francisco, California
        
        Description:
        What is Renegade?
Renegade is building an unstoppable network for the anonymous exchange of value. Our core permissionless protocol, the Renegade dark pool, solves many problems in current decentralized exchange design: front-running, quote fading, copy trading, toxicity discrimination, and fragmented liquidity.
Based on zero-knowledge and multi-party cryptography, Renegade allows for complete trade privacy during the entire trade lifecycle. Zero information about orders, balances, past trade history, or collateral values can leak to third-parties, allowing for strong anonymity guarantees and best execution for large whale traders.
Dark pools are well-understood pieces of traditional finance market structure, accounting for 20-40% of TradFi equities volume. We are building the crypto-native analog of dark pools.
Renegade is a seed-stage startup backed by some of the best crypto investors, including Naval Ravikant, Dragonfly Capital, Balaji Srinivasan, Tarun Chitra, and Lev Livnev. We work in-person in downtown San Francisco, 6 days a week.
What You'll Do
As a cryptography engineer, you will work closely on our ZKP and MPC proving stacks. You will implement core cryptographic primitives (SPDZ, Bulletproofs, ElGamal, etc.) and optimize them for low-latency execution. In addition, you will help with internal audits, ensuring that Renegade maintains consistent state while being as flexible and expressive as possible.You'd be a good fit if..
You have a background in pure math, cryptography, or security research.
Have familiarity with zero-knowledge proofs and multi-party computation, or can pick it up quickly.
Able to work with zero-knowledge cryptography libraries, including Arkworks, Circom, and Dalek.
Able to work with StarkNet and the Cairo language.
Have worked on practical zero-knowledge proof implementations, being able to write latency-optimized code in addition to understanding the core cryptography.
Our Stack
Cryptography: Maliciously-secure SPDZ for MPC, and Bulletproofs for ZKP verification.
Languages: Rust for the protocol-layer, Typescript for interfaces and CLI.
Networking: libp2p for peer discovery.
Settlement: StarkNet for scalability and consensus.
We very much look forward to chatting further!
        