Title: Cybersecurity Engineer
        Company: SimVentions, Inc - Glassdoor ✪ 4.6
        Location: South Norfolk, Chesapeake City
        
        Description:
        Overview:
SimVentions, consistently voted one Virginia's Best Places to Work, is looking for an experienced cybersecurity professional to join our team! This individual will work directly with the Information System Security Manager (ISSM) to review and monitor the network and assess new technology capabilities.
Travel: None Clearance:
An ACTIVE Secret Clearance with Top Secret/SCI eligibility is required for this position. Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US Citizenship is required to obtain a clearance.
Requirements:
DoD 8140 IAT Level III or IAM Level III certification
In-depth understanding of computer security, military system specifications, and DoD cybersecurity policies
Strong ability to communicate clearly and succinctly in written and oral presentations
Responsibilities:
Actively review and monitor network security boundary architectures utilizing Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS)
Perform log reviews utilizing Endpoint Security Solution (ESS) and SolarWinds Event Manager (SEM) tools
Assess new technology capabilities as they relate to security concerns and provide recommendations to the Information System Security Manager (ISSM)
Track Privileged User’s Standard User Agreements (SUAs), Privileged User Agreements (PUAs), System Access and Authorization Request (SAAR) forms, annual training, and professional cert status
Track cybersecurity workforce (CSWF) for the program per current DoD requirements
Actively monitor SIPR for CTO notifications, verify applicability, research requirements to implement, and submit response, as required
Collect/review site documentation from new sites as well as coordinate with site POCs for annual updates to verify completeness and ensure compliance with all security requirements
Education: Bachelor's Degree in technical/cybersecurity field preferred Compensation:
Compensation at SimVentions is determined by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the candidate’s experience, education, training, security clearance, work location, skills, knowledge, and competencies, as well as alignment with our corporate compensation plan and contract specific requirements.
The projected annual compensation range for this position is $100,000.00-$160,000.00 (USD). This estimate reflects the standard salary range for this position and is just one component of the total compensation package that SimVentions offers.
Benefits:
At SimVentions, we’re committed to supporting the total well-being of our employees and their families. Our benefit offerings include comprehensive health and welfare plans to serve a variety of needs.
We offer:
Medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
Competitive 401(k) programs
Retirement and Financial Counselors
Health Savings and Health Reimbursement Accounts
Flexible Spending Accounts
Life insurance, short- & long-term disability
Continuing Education Assistance
Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, Paid Leave (e.g., Maternity, Paternity, Jury Duty, Bereavement, Military)
Third Party Employee Assistance Program that offers emotional and lifestyle well-being services, to include free counseling
Supplemental Benefit Program
Why Work for SimVentions?:
SimVentions is about more than just being a place to work with other growth-orientated technically exceptional experts. It’s also a fun place to work. Our family-friendly atmosphere encourages our employee-owners to imagine, create, explore, discover, and do great things together.
Support Our Warfighters
SimVentions is a proud supporter of the U.S. military, and we take pride in our ability to provide relevant, game-changing solutions to our armed men and women around the world.
Drive Customer Success
We deliver innovative products and solutions that go beyond the expected. This means you can expect to work with a team that will allow you to grow, have a voice, and make an impact.
Get Involved in Giving Back
We believe a well-rounded company starts with well-rounded employees, which is why we offer diverse service opportunities for our team throughout the year.
Build Innovative Technology
SimVentions takes pride in its innovative and cutting-edge technology, so you can be sure that whatever project you work on, you will be having a direct impact on our customer’s success.
Work with Brilliant People
We don’t just hire the smartest people; we seek experienced, creative individuals who are passionate about their work and thrive in our unique culture.
Create Meaningful Solutions
We are trusted partners with our customers and are provided challenging and meaningful requirements to help them solve.
Employees who join SimVentions will enjoy additional perks like:
Employee Ownership:
Work with the best and help build YOUR company!
Family focus:
Work for a team that recognizes the importance of family time.
Culture:
Add to our culture of technical excellence and collaboration.
Dress code:
Business casual, we like to be comfortable while we work.
Resources:
Excellent facilities, tools, and training opportunities to grow in your field.
Open communication:
Work in an environment where your voice matters.
Corporate Fellowship:
Opportunities to participate in company sports teams and employee-led interest groups for personal and professional development.
Employee Appreciation:
Multiple corporate events throughout the year, including Holiday Events, Company Picnic, Imagineering Day, and more.
Founding Partner of the FredNats Baseball team:
Equitable distribution of tickets for every home game to be enjoyed by our employee-owners and their families from our private suite.
Food:
We have a lot of food around here!
MWAC
-
        