Title: VP, Enterprise Risk Management Director
        Company: Dollar Bank
        Location: Pittsburgh, Allegheny County
        
        Description:
        Job Description
Are you a thought leader in Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) with the skill set to build an integrated ERM program? Do you have a good working knowledge of the major risk categories? Have you been the primary driver of the ERM function within a financial institution? If you have answered yes to each of these questions, this position may be for you.
Dollar Bank is looking for its next VP, ERM Director. Our ideal candidate will be capable of building and maturing an initial enterprise risk management program and effectively reviewing and challenging the major risk categories.
The Enterprise Risk Management Director will lead the on-going development and continuous improvement of the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program under the direction of the Chief Risk Officer. Responsibilities will include identifying, measuring, monitoring, and managing enterprise risk in compliance with regulatory expectations and industry standards, the development, implementation and integration of risk management programs, and the leadership and development of the ERM staff.
Minimum Qualifications:
8 years of professional experience in banking, financial services, or related industry
Minimum of 5 years of experience in the development, implementation, and management of enterprise-wide risk management programs, preferably in the financial services industry. This includes experience in leading, managing, and performing risk assessments, training and awareness efforts, and managing direct reports and cross functional teams.
Strong understanding of enterprise risk, risk assessment and control methodologies, and major risks such as operational and compliance risks.
Excellent written and verbal communication, collaboration, presentation, and facilitation skills, including the ability to communicate and interface with diverse stakeholder groups, including senior and executive management and regulatory agencies.
Demonstrated ability to navigate multi-functional environments and to translate long-term goals and objectives into tactical plans and operational activities.
Excellent project management skills including work plan development and implementation, project tracking, issue handling and reporting.
Proficient in Microsoft office suite, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Bachelor’s degree in business, Risk Management, Audit, or related field required. Advanced degree and risk management certification preferred.
Principal Activities and Duties:
Design and lead initiatives to continue to develop and mature the ERM program. This includes providing thought leadership and hands on support during the design and implementation of new ERM processes and the maturation of existing ERM processes.
Assume responsibility for managing all aspects of the ERM department, including budgeting and use of third-party resources to augment internal staff.
Build, maintain, and enhance business relationships to ensure a smooth implementation across the organization.
Partner with the business and functional areas to identify potential risks and collaborate effectively to achieve ERM program and organizational objectives.
Lead the selection, implementation, and management of an ERM Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) software application.
Take ownership for assigned areas of responsibility and effectively manage department workload to meet deadlines.
Perform the full range of supervisory duties, including evaluating employee performance, and recruiting, maintaining, and developing staff consistent with business needs.
Participate in and assume a leadership role in management committees.
Effectively lead and manage the ERM team providing coaching, mentoring, and professional development opportunities to continue to build an effective, engaged, and high functioning team.
Regularly evaluate staffing levels and job duties to maintain and manage employee workload and productivity.
All employees have the responsibility and the accountability to serve as risk managers for their businesses by understanding, reporting, responding to, managing, and monitoring the risk they encounter daily as required by Dollar Bank’s risk management program. Compliance with regulatory laws and company procedures is a required component of all position descriptions.
Performing additional duties as required
Schedule Information
M - F 8:30am - 5pm
EEO Statement
Dollar Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled
Benefits Information
Full-time employees are eligible for a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, and gym membership reimbursement.
Part-time employees qualify for 401(k) with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, and gym reimbursement.
For more information, please visit http://www.dollar.bank/company/careers/benefits.
        