Title: Customer Service Support
        Company: Primient
        Location: Decatur, Macon County
        
        Description:

        Customer Service Support | Primient

About Primient

Primient is a century old company with an entrepreneurial spirit. We are a leading producer of food and industrial ingredients made from plant-based, renewable sources. We deliver value through deep technical, commercial, and operational excellence that is backed by our long-standing corn wet milling heritage. Wherever we are in the process, from field to customer, our priorities are focused on ensuring we produce the safest, highest quality products through practices that uphold both our responsibility and commitments to the challenge and drive for excellence, our people and our planet. We are a privately held company with locations across the US, Mexico, Poland, and Brazil. We’re investing in our plants and people to unlock our potential in the industrial and food sectors. Guided by our values of Safety, Excellence, Integrity, and Growth, we’re focused on growing our business, our reputation, and the career of every teammate.

About the Role

Provide support on transactional processes within SAP, including but not limited to order entry, invoicing, documentation requests, and special projects. This role is built as a developmental role to gain knowledge of the company and prepare employee for future development in Customer Service Department or other departments within the company.

Key responsibilities: Customer Service Coordinator

    Main Accountabilities

    Processing orders and managing customer requests

    Processing customer complaints, returns, and invoices

    Responding to customer requests for: product information and samples

    Investigation of problems and determining solutions both individually and within a team environment

    Creation and maintenance of customer master data

    Work collaboratively with entire Supply Chain Team

About You

QUALIFICATIONS

Education and Experience

    High school diploma or equivalent required; a bachelor’s degree in a related field is preferred.
    Previous experience in customer service or administrative roles is highly desirable.
    SAP or strong analytical experience
    Must be self-motivated with the ability to work alone or with limited supervision
    Ability to take initiative to identify and initiate improvements across various processes and systems
    Ability to organize and present information to wide variety of people
    Excellent skills in organization, prioritizing and managing time
    Strong attention to detail with a high level of accuracy

SKILLS / KNOWLEDGE

    Strong verbal and written communication skills
    Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment
    Excellent computer skills
    Detail oriented with a high level of accuracy
    Ability to problem solve and provide solutions
    Decision making capabilities in fast paced, ever changing environment
    Organized and ability to multitask
    Continuous improvement mindset

Total Rewards
The annual pay range estimated for this position is $34,811.20 - $43,514.00 + overtime

Please note that while this range reflects the full spectrum of compensation available for this role, individual compensation will be determined based on several factors including your experience, skills, and alignment with the role's responsibilities. During the interview process there will be an opportunity to discuss how your background fits into the pay range.​

​

We offer a comprehensive Total Rewards package that our U.S. colleagues and their families can count on, which includes:

    Competitive Pay​

    Multiple Healthcare plan choices​

    Dental and vision insurance​

    A 401(k) plan with company and matching contributions ​

    Short- and Long-Term Disability​

    Life, AD&D, and Voluntary Insurance plans​

    Paid holidays & vacation​

    Floating days off​

    Parental leave for new parents​

    Employee resource groups​

    Learning & development programs​

    Fun culture where you have an opportunity in shaping our future

Career Path & Culture

Primient is committed to a workplace that is all in – ensuring everyone has the opportunity to develop and shape a career that matters in an open culture which embraces equity, diversity and belonging. We challenge old ways of thinking; and encourage employee voices to be a guiding force for ongoing learning. ​

​

Primient supports a culture of inclusion that respects individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe our differences make better decisions, drive excellence, and deliver better business results. Primient employees experience autonomy and accountability in their role. Here, employees control their destiny as there is opportunity for career growth and pathways outside the norm.

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging

We are believers in the power of difference. We strive to represent the communities in which we operate and to provide an inclusive, welcoming environment for all. We want Primient to be a place where every employee feels they belong and knows they are seen, heard, valued and safe to speak up. Our aspiration is to unlock the full potential in diverse perspectives, while offering everyone an equal chance to grow,

Primient is an equal opportunity employer, committed to the strength of an inclusive workforce.

California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA")

The Company is committed to complying with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and all data privacy and laws in the jurisdictions in which it recruits and hires employees. We collect the following categories of personal information for the purpose of hiring the best qualified applicants and to comply with applicable employment laws: Name and contact information; Job preference and work availability; Social Security Number and/or other identification information; Education and qualifications; Employment history and experience; Military service; Reference and background check information, including relevant criminal history and credit history; Social media information; Pre-employment test results; Post-offer medical examination information and results, including drug test results; Voluntary self-disclosure information regarding minority, veteran, and disability status; and Information provided by you during the hiring process.