Title: IT/Helpdesk Support Specialist
        Company: SimVentions, Inc - Glassdoor ✪ 4.6
        Location: Warrenton, Fauquier County
        
        Description:

        Overview:

SimVentions is a 100% employee-owned business and has consistently been voted one of Virginia's Best Places to Work. We are seeking a Helpdesk Support Specialist to join our team!

As an IT Help Desk Support Specialist II, the candidate will provide technical assistance and training to system users. The candidate will respond to users' request for assistance by phone, in person, or via help desk ticket, generally handling routine technical issues while seeking guidance on more complex issues. The candidate will apply basic diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes, and recommend solutions to correct common failures. The candidate will maintain the helpdesk system and ensure technical support issues are escalated to the appropriate level for resolution. The candidate will install and modify corporate computers and associated network hardware, software, and peripherals. The candidate will diagnose hardware and software, and operator problems, taking remedial actions or recommends procedural changes. The candidate will create new user accounts and build new laptops, loading and configuring operating systems and applications. The candidate will provide meeting support and technical A/V support for in-person, hybrid, and virtual meetings.
Travel: 1 day a week to Dahlgren office Clearance:

Ability to obtain a secret security clearance is required.
Requirements:

    2+ years experience working in a customer facing technical support environment
    A solid understanding of hardware, software, and network systems, including troubleshooting common technical issues
    Proficiency in troubleshooting A/V equipment, including projectors, displays, microphones, and sound systems
    Strong knowledge of video conferencing platforms such as Microsoft Teams and Cisco Webex
    Ability to work flexible hours as necessary
    Willingness to collaborate with team members and escalate issues to higher levels of support when necessary
    Capability to handle multiple support inquiries simultaneously while maintaining accuracy and a high level of customer satisfaction
    Ability to receive input from various sources, effectively prioritize tasks, and successfully complete them within a specified timeframe
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills
    Strong interpersonal and communication skills to provide excellent customer support while remaining patient and empathetic

Responsibilities:

    Assist with managing the helpdesk ticket queue on a daily basis; creating, routing, and remedying tickets in a timely manner.
    Answer queries by telephone or self-service ticket in support of internal and/or outside customer computer hardware, software, network, system/application access, and telecommunications systems.
    Troubleshoot configuration issues, software installations, hardware repair (including inhouse repair or coordinating depot or warranty services) to support day-to‐day operations.
    Test new hardware and software systems and packages prior to deployment.
    Perform support to the user check‐in process, performing functions such as: account creation; processing new account paperwork; issuing credentials; assigning permissions; and providing new hire onboarding brief.
    Deploy images and configure new system buildouts for new hires. Work directly with hiring managers to ensure proper equipment and access.
    Coordinate and resolve technical, scheduling, and delivery issues associated with technical refresh, asset tracking, and life‐cycle sustainment.
    Manage and track all issued, reclaimed, removed, and relocated capital IT assets.
    Compose instructional documentation and videos to provide end-users with step-by-step processes on the proper method to utilize specific hardware and software.
    Complete market research and submit purchase requests for equipment needs.
    Provides meeting support and technical A/V support for in-person, hybrid, and virtual meetings.
    Troubleshoot and resolve A/V equipment problems, such as projectors, displays, microphones, and sound systems.
    Assist with video conferencing setup, configuration, and troubleshooting (e.g., Microsoft Teams and Cisco WebEx).
    Create and update documentation related to A/V equipment, configurations, and troubleshooting procedures.
    Provide training and guidance to end-users on the proper use of A/V equipment and video conferencing tools.
    Alerts management to recurring problems and patterns of problems. Provides recommendations to resolve problems.
    Provides an outstanding customer service experience in a variety of circumstances across all organizational levels.
    Various projects and tasking as assigned.

Preferred Skills and Experience:

    Experience with Microsoft O365
    Proficiency with Windows Operating Systems
    Proficiency with the Zendesk help desk system
    Proficiency with Active Directory

Education: GED or High School Diploma Compensation:

Compensation at SimVentions is determined by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the candidate’s experience, education, training, security clearance, work location, skills, knowledge, and competencies, as well as alignment with our corporate compensation plan and contract specific requirements.

The projected annual compensation range for this position is $50,000 - $65,000 (USD). This estimate reflects the standard salary range for this position and is just one component of the total compensation package that SimVentions offers.
Benefits:

At SimVentions, we’re committed to supporting the total well-being of our employees and their families. Our benefit offerings include comprehensive health and welfare plans to serve a variety of needs.


We offer:

    Medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage
    Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
    Competitive 401(k) programs
    Retirement and Financial Counselors
    Health Savings and Health Reimbursement Accounts
    Flexible Spending Accounts
    Life insurance, short- & long-term disability
    Continuing Education Assistance
    Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, Paid Leave (e.g., Maternity, Paternity, Jury Duty, Bereavement, Military)
    Third Party Employee Assistance Program that offers emotional and lifestyle well-being services, to include free counseling
    Supplemental Benefit Program 

Why Work for SimVentions?:

SimVentions is about more than just being a place to work with other growth-orientated technically exceptional experts. It’s also a fun place to work. Our family-friendly atmosphere encourages our employee-owners to imagine, create, explore, discover, and do great things together.

Support Our Warfighters

SimVentions is a proud supporter of the U.S. military, and we take pride in our ability to provide relevant, game-changing solutions to our armed men and women around the world.

Drive Customer Success

We deliver innovative products and solutions that go beyond the expected. This means you can expect to work with a team that will allow you to grow, have a voice, and make an impact.

Get Involved in Giving Back

We believe a well-rounded company starts with well-rounded employees, which is why we offer diverse service opportunities for our team throughout the year.

Build Innovative Technology

SimVentions takes pride in its innovative and cutting-edge technology, so you can be sure that whatever project you work on, you will be having a direct impact on our customer’s success.

Work with Brilliant People

We don’t just hire the smartest people; we seek experienced, creative individuals who are passionate about their work and thrive in our unique culture.

Create Meaningful Solutions

We are trusted partners with our customers and are provided challenging and meaningful requirements to help them solve.

Employees who join SimVentions will enjoy additional perks like:

    Employee Ownership: Work with the best and help build YOUR company!
    Family focus: Work for a team that recognizes the importance of family time.
    Culture: Add to our culture of technical excellence and collaboration.
    Dress code: Business casual, we like to be comfortable while we work.
    Resources: Excellent facilities, tools, and training opportunities to grow in your field.
    Open communication: Work in an environment where your voice matters.
    Corporate Fellowship: Opportunities to participate in company sports teams and employee-led interest groups for personal and professional development.
    Employee Appreciation: Multiple corporate events throughout the year, including Holiday Events, Company Picnic, Imagineering Day, and more.
    Founding Partner of the FredNats Baseball team: Equitable distribution of tickets for every home game to be enjoyed by our employee-owners and their families from our private suite.
    Food: We have a lot of food around here!

FTAC