Title: Help Desk Ticketing Systems Consultant
        Company: COOLSOFT
        Location: Golden, Jefferson County
        
        Description:
        Help Desk Ticketing Systems Consultant
(Jobs in Golden, CO)
Requirement id 152851
Job title Consultant
Job location in Golden, CO
Skills required Linux Expertise, Written And Verbal Communication Skills, Trouble Shooting PC, Help Desk Ticketing Systems
Open Date 09-Apr-2025
Close Date
Job type Contract
Duration 26 Months
Compensation DOE
Status requirement ---
Job interview type ---
Email Recruiter:coolsoft
Job Description Consultant: Linux Expertise, Written And Verbal Communication Skills, Trouble Shooting PC, Help Desk Ticketing Systems
Start date : 04/28/2025
End Date : 06/30/2027
Submission deadline : 04/13/2025
Client Info : CO DOT
Note:
- Position Location : On Site
- Candidate Must Be Local
Description :
The purpose of this NOC position is to provide a proactive response and resolution to any problems or incidents discovered while monitoring the ITS fiber network, roadside devices and software applications or working with construction project teams.
The NOC Technician will be an IT professional who provides technical assistance on computer systems and serves as the first contact for customers who need technical assistance over the phone or email. We are looking for a tech-savvy help desk technician to be responsible for providing technical assistance with computer systems, networking, hardware, and software. As a help desk technician, you are responsible for responding to email, chat, or phone queries and offering technical support to customers using computer systems, hardware, and software.
Responsibilities for Help Desk Technician
Manage Help Desk tickets in a timely manner
Respond to customer issues via phone, email and computer chat and follow-up with customers to ensure issues are resolved
Document customer interactions
Resolve customer reported issues
Escalate unresolved issues to the next Tier
Install, make changes and repair computer hardware and software
Monitor and respond quickly to incoming requests related to IT issues.
Maintain computer systems and act as support if any system goes down.
Assist with onboarding and offboarding of new or outgoing users.
Install, configure, maintain and upgrade PC software.
Tier 1 Networking and troubleshooting as well as support
Qualifications for Help Desk Technician
Experience working in a help desk environment
Flexibility to work a variety of shifts with minimal notice
Must have reliable transportation
Must be able to pass a background check
Proficiency with Windows, Linux, and IOS computers
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Detail oriented and highly organized to keep tickets in order
Ability to remain calm and professional in stressful situations
Resourcefulness and quick-thinking nature to troubleshoot new and critical technical issues as they arise.
Motivated to learn and troubleshoot new devices and systems in a fast moving IT environment
Understanding and appreciation for information security within systems and user devices.
Ability to demonstrate initiative, independence and reliability to complete tasks with little or no supervision, if necessary
Familiarity with ticketing systems, preferably Manage Engine, is not a requirement - but is a plus
Call502-379-4456 Ext 100for more details. Please provide Requirement id: 152851 while calling.
        