Title: Mobile App and Server Engineer
        Company: ACR Electronics Inc
        Location: Davie, Broward County
        
        Description:
        ACR Electronics, Inc. is the leading development center for emergency beacons that are designed with one purpose: to save lives. Through our combined technology expertise in the marine, aviation, outdoor, and military markets, we design and manufacture cutting-edge rescue beacons and survival gear for boaters, pilots, hunters, hikers, climbers, cyclists, and combat troops, not to mention many of the leading boat builders and aircraft manufacturers in the industry.
Since 1956, ACR's wide range of survival products has been the choice of NASA, the U.S. Military, the U.S. Coast Guard, and everyday explorers and adventurers across the globe. With everything from emergency locator transmitters and rescue beacons to the special flashlights used on Apollo 13 after their onboard explosion, ACR builds products that are made to perform during expeditions of all sizes.
ACR is an Equal Opportunity/Vet/Disability Employer
Job Summary of the Mobile App and Server Engineer
This role supports the Bivy Product development team with all application and server development and support. Working with the Principal Engineer and the engineering team, this position will play an integral role in maintaining current quality standards of existing platforms, while also developing new functions and features within the Satellite and Wireless Communications business unit.
Duties/Responsibilities
of the Mobile App and Server Engineer
Help build and maintain a system-critical cloud server system built on Google's Compute Engine Technology
Help maintain and improve Android/iOS mobile apps including:
GUI development
Map-based navigation using GPS location data
Bluetooth communication
Server communication using http/REST
Build and improve web-based tools used to interact with servers, apps, and databases
Back-end server development
Financial processing/payment management systems
Database management
Third-party system integrations
Monitoring and deployment systems
Quality control of software
Code reviews, test software, and monitoring
Documentation of code, systems, and process
Note: This description is an outline of the major recurring responsibilities of the job. It is not intended to be all-inclusive of the work to be performed. Other related job objectives, special assignments and less significant responsibilities typically performed by the incumbent are not included.
Required skills/abilities
of the Mobile App and Server Engineer
Exceptional project management and organizational skills
Strategic thinking and problem-solving abilities
Knowledge, Education, and Experience
of the Mobile App and Server Engineer
3-5 years of experience required
Required knowledge and experience:
Java
Server Architecture
REST Servlets
Google Compute Engine
Google Datastore
Comfortable working with low-level memory system and binary data formats
Databases
Managing VM's
Load balancing
Certificates and Security
Mobile App development for iOS and/or Android platforms
Preferred knowledge and experience:
Zephry RTOS development
Firmware development
Unix environment
HTML
JavaScript
Java Server Development using Jetty
Excellent multi-threaded and asynchronous programming skills
TCP/IP Socket programming
Comfortable working with Binary Data and low-level data protocols
Objective-C iOS development
Java/Kotlin Android development
Bluetooth development
HTML
Angular Universal and Node.js
C/C++
SMS messaging systems
Billing and merchant account systems
GPS location/tracking and maps
API/SDK and plug-in development
ACR offers the following benefits:
We offer medical, dental, and vision, which ACR pays a portion of.
ACR pays for Life insurance up to two times base annual earnings, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, as well as short- and long-term disability for our employees.
401K which provides an employer match of 50% of your salary up to 6%, with no vesting period!
10 paid Holidays
7 PTO days (prorated based on start date)
2 weeks of paid vacation (prorated based on start date)
Tuition reimbursement program
Employee discount program for electronics, travel, and more.
ACR's Core Values:
Growth
Customer Focus
Teamwork
Trust
Communication
Accountability
Family
Safety
Compensation details:
00 Yearly Salary
PIdd16b2d59e72-1640
        