Title: Xcode Engineering Manager
        Company: Apple
        Location: Cupertino, Santa Clara County
        
        Description:
        Xcode Engineering Manager
Cupertino, California, United States Software and Services
Summary
Posted: Feb 13, 2025
Role Number: 200577912
Do you want to improve the developer tools used by millions of engineers to make amazing applications? Join us on the Xcode team. We're looking for a hands on technical engineering manager to lead Xcode's Infrastructure team. The Infrastructure team enables all of the Xcode components to work together, from the navigator, to the editor, and through the build, to the devices and simulators and into the debugger. Every team member brings unique skills and perspective. Far more than any specific technical background, we're looking for engineers with leadership experience, a passion for the craft of building great software, and someone who loves to learn and develop their skills and the skills of the engineers around them. You'll find that we: - Have a wide range of experience, from engineers who've just joined to those who've thrived at Apple their whole careers - Provide a peaceful work environment where you can choose when to socialize and when to close your office door and focus - Have an encouraging and growth-focused workplace culture - Value integrity and respect for others, and take the safety and comfort of our employees seriously
Description
As the engineering manager of the Xcode Infrastructure team, you'll select features and prioritize quality investments. You'll guide your team to make optimal decisions balancing risk, reward, growth, short and long term goals. You'll act as a role model demonstrating responsible, pragmatic, and innovative problem solving techniques. You'll represent your team cross functionally, working with other teams across Apple as we advance our tools and SDKs. You'll integrate new SDK features into Xcode enabling exciting new features in Apple products. You'll have the opportunity to inspire changes across our developer tools, with a particular focus on productivity, efficiency and reliability within our tools. You'll be most successful as a hands-on manager and technical lead by being an example to your team through direct engineering contributions. You'll mentor the engineers around you, helping them grow and become experts in our field. You'll thrives in a supportive, respectful, and balanced work environment with interesting and ambitious problems to tackle. You'll use judgment and integrity to make timely, sound decisions. You'll have constructive design discussions, learn from your team, and use your experience to guide and teach others. At Apple, you'll have access to the engineers who create Apple's frameworks, tools, and operating systems stack, bringing an incredible amount of knowledge, clarity, and context to the features you'll build. In developer tools, you'll have the unique opportunity to directly improve your development environment by building features for the tools you'll use every day. As an engineering manager on the Xcode team, your primary contribution will be: - Wholistically prioritizing, scoping, scheduling, and developing features with both Swift and Objective-C - Balancing organization, department, and team goals when prioritizing software changes - Helping engineers thrive and progress in their career - Refining customer-focused designs with teammates - Improving performance, fixing bugs, and writing tests - Investigating feedback from users in your areas of responsibility - Collaborating through pull requests, in-person conversations, and Slack - Providing technical guidance, software architectural review, and mentorship
Minimum Qualifications
- Keen understanding of task selection and prioritization
- Recognition of opportunity cost
- Passion for improving productivity through better tools
- Positive and respectful attitude in a diverse environment
Preferred Qualifications
- BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
- Thorough understanding of computer science fundamentals
- Experience leading feature development
- Clear, maintainable, and testable coding practices
Pay & Benefits
At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $190,700 and $329,600, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.
Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple's discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple's Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You'll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses - including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation.Learn more about Apple Benefits. (https://www.apple.com/careers/us/benefits.html)
Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. (https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\EEOC\KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf)
Apple Footer
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant (Opens in a new window) .
Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. United States Department of Labor. Learn more (Opens in a new window) .
Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program (Opens in a new window) .
Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .
Apple is a drug-free workplace. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window) .
Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you're applying for a position in San Francisco, review the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance guidelines (opens in a new window) applicable in your area.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.
        