Résumé: Technical Expertise Operating Systems Microsoft Window Server 2003/2008/2008 R2/2012 Database Technologies SQL Server, Sybase ASE Server, Oracle, MongoDB Monitoring and Ticketing Tools HP Service Manager 7.0/9.0, Solar winds DPA, JIRA and MongoDB OPS manager Web Server IIS 7.0 Database Tools SSMS, DBArtisan, Studio 3T, SnapShot Manager for SQL ServerEducation Details 
 B. Tech Computer Science Gulbarga, Karnataka PDACOE, Gulbarga, Autonomous Institution
Database Administrator II 

Database Administrator III - BNY Mellon International Operations (India) PVT. LTD
Skill Details 
Sql Dba- Exprience - Less than 1 year monthsCompany Details 
company - BNY Mellon International Operations (India) PVT. LTD
description - SQL Server :
ïƒ˜	Installation, configuration of database servers using slipstream and setup all the maintenance jobs as per the standard policy on standalone as well as cluster environments with latest service packs
ïƒ˜	Installation of SSRS, uploading of .rdls and assigning correct data sources to reports. Grant necessary access to users & developers on reporting website. Aware of SSIS and designing packages as well.
ïƒ˜	Create and manage logins, users for database applications, assigning permissions as per requests, resolving user login issues.
ïƒ˜	Migration of all SQL server 2005/2008 servers to higher versions.
ïƒ˜	Setup of database refresh jobs on QA, DEV and UAT environments and fixing orphaned users.
ïƒ˜	Troubleshoot performance related issues. 
ïƒ˜	Part of multiple projects to work with developers and provide all required support for testing in QA, UAT & DEV environment. 
ïƒ˜	Lead the DR tests for database team.
ïƒ˜	Participate in database purge and archive activities.
ïƒ˜	Writing codes for automating database administration tasks.
ïƒ˜	Worked on automating DR tasks to start the agent jobs on multiple servers, restore databases for log shipped databases without manual intervention for online databases post DR activities.
ïƒ˜	Provide support to vendor databases, follow up with the vendor calls and timely escalate to next level when there is no update in predefined timeline.
ïƒ˜	Installation and configuration of smsql on windows server. Schedule jobs for creation and deletion of clones on sql server. Maintain backups using smsql.

MongoDB Server:
ïƒ˜	Installation and configuration of MongoDB server.
ïƒ˜	Creation of databases and collection.
ïƒ˜	Creation new user and grant access using Ops manager.
ïƒ˜	Monitor database servers using Ops manager.
Oracle & Sybase Server
ïƒ˜	Managing and maintaining multiple instances of Databases on Linux and windows servers.
ïƒ˜	Monitoring daily jobs includes backups, refresh and maintenance jobs.
company - Hewlett-Packard India Sales PVT. LTD. On the payroll of Softenger India PVT. LTD
description - ïƒ˜	Installation of SQL Server on standalone as well as windows cluster environments with latest service packs
ïƒ˜	SQL server installation using slipstream.
ïƒ˜	Installation of reporting services
ïƒ˜	Creating logins and users, assigning permissions as per requests.
ïƒ˜	Security audit for all logins includes maintenance of unused and orphan user logins
ïƒ˜	Create & Maintain daily and weekly jobs/maintenance plans includes backup, index rebuild/reorganize , update statistics and database consistency check
ïƒ˜	Create linked servers and ensure connectivity between servers
ïƒ˜	Monitor disk space proactively & Space management using data and log file shrinking
ïƒ˜	Monitor blocking, deadlocks, open transactions and slow running queries during performance issues and highlight costly queries to developers.
ïƒ˜	Configure alerts for deadlock and blocking to maintain performance
ïƒ˜	Implementing high availability technologies like log shipping, AlwaysON, mirroring and its troubleshooting, also have knowledge on replication
ïƒ˜	Successfully completed migration of Databases from one server to another
ïƒ˜	Performing DR drills (Online/Offline) on quarterly basis
ïƒ˜	Power shell scripting to monitor, restart SQL service and get Email alert for the service status.
ïƒ˜	Maintain TNS entries for oracle client as per client requests.
ïƒ˜	Interacting with customers for requirements
ïƒ˜	Contacting customer to update the status of handling issues and service requests at every stage of resolution
ïƒ˜	Managing proper escalation and notification matrix for all support levels